Echo "I am Echo, nymph of Mount Cithaeron. " setBackground(pond,false,1) PlayMusic(main)
+"For years, I have been in love with Narcissus. "
+"I watch as he climbs the mountain, jests with his friends, picks fruit off the apple trees."
+"I sing him tunes that meld with the wind, never daring to approach him. "
"On this mountain, I tend to my trees, care for injured animals, and purify the streams and ponds that flow through. "
+"Occasionally, I also do favours for Zeus, chatting to Hera, and feeding her extravagant feasts while he is off galavanting with other women. "
"Now, let me take you around my moun– "

Hera "SILENCE, NYMPH! " EchoSurprised()
+"I have heard about all my husband’s...antics. "
+"And the part you’ve played in them. " 
+"That was rather foolish. " 
+"You shall pay for what you have done. " 
+"For taking my husband away from me, I shall take your love away from you. " 
+"That’s him isn’t it. " SetTNarcissus(sit)

"Every day, Narcissus will fall more and more in love with himself as he glances at his reflection in that pond. " 
+"Then, after three days, he shall turn into a flower, to hang over the pond and his reflection for all of eternity. " 

+"And you, my dear. " 
+"Well, I think we’re done talking to each other. " 
+"Literally. " 
"From now on, you shall be unable to speak any words of your own. " 
+"I hope you’ve learned your lesson. " turnOff(Hera)

Cerberus "Hello Echo, I’ve been observing you from the underworld. You seem like you need help saving your love? " EchoNeutral() SetTNarcissus(root)
+"Hades is too busy to take me on my River Styx walk today so I guess I’ll help you instead! " PlayMusic(cerberus)
+"You should come visit River Styx some day… it’s really PAWsome." 
+"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
+"No?"
+"Oh yeah I guess you can’t really talk. Oops. I’m definitely going to forget that."
"Look, he has already begun to sprout roots. " 
+"That isn’t PAWmising. Sorry."
+"We must hurry now before it is too late!"

"To save your precious Narcissus, we must journey to find the bell flower that was blessed by Caerus—God of Opportunity and Luck. " PlayMusic(hopeful)
+"Legend says it grants one wish to any that can traverse the dangerous cave system which lies beneath Mount Olympus. " 
"Any who dares to undergo such danger and succeeds is deemed worthy by Caerus as the journey shows their dedication and bravery. " 
+"Let’s go to the caves near Olympus now before it’s too late. " setBackground(cave_entrance,false,1) turnOff(TNarcissus)
"Look! This is the entrance to Mount Olympus."
+"Dodge the monsters and journey to the heart of Mount Olympus! "
+"Hades might have let slip that that is where the flower lives."
+"Hehe, he forgets that I can understand him sometimes. Such a BONE-head. Haha."
+"Sorry, I got distracted again."
+"Where were we? Oh yes, the cave!"
"Onwards we go my friend!"


"Thank Zeus! We made it to the deepest cavern, here you should see the blessed bellflower at the end… " setBackground(cave_inside,false,1)
EchoHappy()
+"Careful, the terrain that follows is known for its dangerous winds! "
+"Now where is that flower. You might have to take the lead on this one Echo, I have really bad eyesight. It’s a caNINE out of twenty."
+"I think I might need glasses but I can’t find any that won’t just fall off my face because my ears are up so high." 
EchoNeutral()
+"Now the flower, I think it glows when it senses someone with a deep seated desire… *squints*"
+"Look, there it is! "
EchoHappy()

"WAIT! You mustn't cut it, for its power comes from its natural swaying rhythm. " EchoSurprised() PlayMusic(flower)
+"Do you hear that, Echo? Listen closely to the wind... " EchoNeutral() PlayMusic(flower)
+"Try to match its harmonies with a melody by ringing the bell flowers over here. "
+If you match it up correctly, the flower will become bound to you and be willing to grant you your wish."
+"I would help you, but I am useless at music. If I were better, you could call me WOOFgang Mozart!"
+"But sadly, I am not. This one’s all yours!"


"We did it! " setBackground(cave,false,1) PlayMusic(cerberus)
+"I haven’t felt this alive since Briareus played fetch with me—He has a hundred hands so you can just imagine what a thrill it is to chase a hundred balls and sticks at once! " EchoHappy()
+"This is so much better than going for a walk on River Styx! Hades is cool and all but he walks sooooo slowly."
+"Like an old man. Well, I guess he is eons old."
+"Now, we can return to your love and you can finally be together!"
+"The journey should be a lot easier this time now that we have the blessing of the gods with us."
"Look, there he is " setBackground(pond,false,1) SetTNarcissus(flowers)

"Oh Hades, flowers have started to engulf him. " PlayMusic(main)
+"My dear Echo, you must reach him, you must! " 
+"We have journeyed for so long, endured such hardship. Do not stop until you reach him! " 
+"The garden will permanently trap him soon if we don’t start making our way now.! "
+"He will become a flower and hang over this pond for eternity." 
+"Honestly, not a bad place to be stuck for eternity but if he transforms, you will never be able to be together!"

"You know, my noble companion, the wishing flower grants any wish at all. " PlayMusic(hopeful)
+"I’ve heard you sing melodies that rival the muses and weave stories of heroines and battles for your friends. "
"Perhaps now is the chance for me to ask… wouldn’t you rather get back your own voice? " 
+"Perhaps this Narcissus isn’t worth your love at all, in fact, who knows if the flower will work at all? "

"Wow you’re almost there! Look, leaves have started to consume his legs. " 
+"We must hurry, but… again I must ask you, are you sure this is what you want? " 

"Yay! We’re here, quickly… rush to him now if you truly wish to be with him. " 
+"But wait, why’s the wind so suddenly strong? "
+"And do you hear that… " PlayMusic(flower)

"The flower! I think it’s doing something. " 
"Focus on your deepest desire now, so that the flower will grant you your truest wish! "

Narcissus "Wow. All my life I have been the one who has been admired." turnOff(TNarcissus) PlayMusic(main)
"The most handsome, the most intelligent, the richest, and the fittest." 
"Never have I met someone else I admired as much as others have admired me." 
"Your bravery and persistence have touched my heart and I am honoured to be standing before you, my fair maiden."

"For all that you have done for me, thank you."

Echo "You’re welcome… my love... WAIT that was out loud! I have my voice back!" 

Cerberus "The gods must have been watching. They are impressed by you and have rewarded you for your persistence, bravery and selflessness!" 

Echo "Oh… Cerberus, I can’t thank you enough."

Cerberus "Don’t worry my sweet nymph, for now I can return to Hades and go for walkies finally! I hope you two the best of luck. "
+"I will be back to visit you often so you better keep some bones around here. "
+"And some fish. I quite like fish. But real fish please, not the undead kind like in the Underworld. "
+"They’re too bony and smell a bit off. I shall be off now! "

Angela "Hi I'm Angela! I designed the backdrops and characters you see." credits()
Jennifer C "Hi I'm Jennifer C, I helped out a bit with everything!"
Jennifer G "Hey I'm Jennifer G, I composed most of the music with Johnny!"
Jess "Hi I'm Jess, I worked on the boss battle you just played"
Johnny "Henlo! I'm Johnny, I led the team and composed the music too."
Rayman "Hi I'm Rayman, I built the rhythm game!"
Sam "Hi I'm Sam, I built the platform game to get to the caves."
Zi Lin "Hi I'm Zi Lin, I built the visual story board!"