Echo "I am Echo, nymph of Mount Cithaeron. " setBackground(pond,false,1) PlayMusic(main)
+"For years, I have been in love with Narcissus. "
+"I watch as he climbs the mountain, jests with his friends, picks fruit off the apple trees. "
+"I sing him tunes that meld with the wind, never daring to approach him. "
"On this mountain, I tend to my trees, care for injured animals, and purify the streams and ponds that flow through. "
+"Occasionally, I also do favours for Zeus, chatting to Hera, and feeding her extravagant feasts while he is off galavanting with other women. "
"Now, let me take you around my moun– "

Hera "SILENCE, NYMPH! " EchoSurprised()
+"I have heard about all my husband’s...antics. "
+"And the part you’ve played in them. " 
+"That was rather foolish. " 
+"You shall pay for what you have done. " 
+"For taking my husband away from me, I shall take your love away from you. " 
+"That’s him isn’t it. " SetTNarcissus(sit)

"Every day, Narcissus will fall more and more in love with himself as he glances at his reflection in that pond. " 
+"Then, after three days, he shall turn into a flower, to hang over the pond and his reflection for all of eternity. " 

+"And you, my dear. " 
+"Well, I think we’re done talking to each other. " 
+"Literally. " 
"From now on, you shall be unable to speak any words of your own. " 
+"I hope you’ve learned your lesson. " turnOff(Hera)

Cerberus "Hello Echo, I’ve been observing you from the underworld. You seem like you need help saving your love? " EchoNeutral() SetTNarcissus(root)
+"Hades is too busy to take me on my River Styx walk today so I guess I’ll help you instead! " PlayMusic(cerberus)
"You should come visit River Styx some day… it’s really PAWsome. " 
+"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! "
+"No? "
"Oh yeah I guess you can’t really talk. Oops. I’m definitely going to forget that. "
"Look, he has already begun to sprout roots. " 
+"That isn’t PAWmising. Sorry. "
+"We must hurry now before it is too late! "

"To save your precious Narcissus, we must journey to find the bell flower that was blessed by Caerus—God of Opportunity and Luck. " PlayMusic(hopeful)
+"Legend says it grants one wish to any that can traverse the dangerous cave system which lies beneath Mount Olympus. " 
"Any who dares to undergo such danger and succeeds is deemed worthy by Caerus as the journey shows their dedication and bravery. " 
+"Let’s go to the caves near Olympus now before it’s too late. " setBackground(cave_entrance,false,1) turnOff(TNarcissus)
"Look! This is the entrance to Mount Olympus. "
+"Dodge the monsters and journey to the heart of Mount Olympus!  "
+"Hades might have let slip that that is where the flower lives. "
"Hehe, he forgets that I can understand him sometimes. Such a BONE-head. Haha. "
"Sorry, I got distracted again. "
+"Where were we? Oh yes, the cave! "
"Onwards we go my friend! "
